## Artificial Intelligence
### AI Theory
[1] **The Geometric Structure of Generalized Softmax Learning**<br>
Xiangxiang Xu and Shao-Lun Huang and Lizhong Zheng and Lin Zhang. In *IEEE Information Theory Workshop, ITW 2018, Guangzhou, China, November 25-29, 2018*. 2018. [Link](https://doi.org/10.1109/ITW.2018.8613303)  <br> [2] **An Information Theoretic Interpretation to Deep Neural Networks**<br>
Shao-Lun Huang and Xiangxiang Xu and Lizhong Zheng and Gregory W. Wornell. In *IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory, ISIT 2019, Paris, France, July 7-12, 2019*. 2019. [Link](https://doi.org/10.1109/ISIT.2019.8849720)  <br> [3] **On the Robustness of Noisy ACE Algorithm and Multi-Layer Residual Learning**<br>
Shao-Lun Huang and Xiangxiang Xu. In *IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory, ISIT 2019, Paris, France, July 7-12, 2019*. 2019. [Link](https://doi.org/10.1109/ISIT.2019.8849505)  <br> [4] **An Information Theoretic Interpretation to Deep Neural Networks**<br>
Shao-Lun Huang and Xiangxiang Xu and Lizhong Zheng and Gregory W. Wornell. In *CoRR*. 2019. [Link](http://arxiv.org/abs/1905.06600)  <br> [5] **On the Sample Complexity of HGR Maximal Correlation Functions**<br>
Shao-Lun Huang and Xiangxiang Xu. In *CoRR*. 2019. [Link](http://arxiv.org/abs/1907.00393)  <br> [6] **An Information-theoretic Approach to Unsupervised Feature Selection
for High-Dimensional Data**<br>
Shao-Lun Huang and Xiangxiang Xu and Lizhong Zheng. In *CoRR*. 2019. [Link](http://arxiv.org/abs/1910.03196)  <br> [7] **An efficient approach to informative feature extraction from multimodal data**<br>
Wang, Lichen and Wu, Jiaxiang and Huang, Shao-Lun and Zheng, Lizhong and Xu, Xiangxiang and Zhang, Lin and Huang, Junzhou. In *Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence*. 2019. [Link](https://wvvw.aaai.org/ojs/index.php/AAAI/article/view/4464)  <br> [8] **An Information-Theoretic Metric of Transferability for Task Transfer Learning**<br>
Bao, Yajie and Li, Yang and Huang, Shao-Lun and Zhang, Lin and Zamir, Amir R and Guibas, Leonidas J. In *26th IEEE International Conference on Image Processing (ICIP)*. 2019. [Link](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8803726)  <br> [9] **Info-Detection: An Information-Theoretic Approach to Detect Outlier**<br>
Feng Zhao and Fei Ma and Yang Li and Shaolun Huang and Lin Zhang. In *International Conference on Neural Information Processing*. 2019.  <br> 
### AI Analytics
[1] **A maximal correlation embedding method for multilabel human context recognition**<br>
Li, Lu and Li, Yang and Xu, Xiangxiang and Zhang, Lin. In *Proceedings of the 18th International Conference on Information Processing in Sensor Networks*. 2019.  <br> [2] **An efficient approach to informative feature extraction from multimodal data**<br>
Wang, Lichen and Wu, Jiaxiang and Huang, Shao-Lun and Zheng, Lizhong and Xu, Xiangxiang and Zhang, Lin and Huang, Junzhou. In *Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence*. 2019. [Link](https://wvvw.aaai.org/ojs/index.php/AAAI/article/view/4464)  <br> [3] **Unsupervised anomaly detection via generative adversarial networks**<br>
Wang, Hanling and Li, Mingyang and Ma, Fei and Huang, Shao-Lun and Zhang, Lin. In *2019 18th ACM/IEEE International Conference on Information Processing in Sensor Networks (IPSN)*. 2019.  <br> [4] **An Information-Theoretic Metric of Transferability for Task Transfer Learning**<br>
Bao, Yajie and Li, Yang and Huang, Shao-Lun and Zhang, Lin and Zamir, Amir R and Guibas, Leonidas J. In *26th IEEE International Conference on Image Processing (ICIP)*. 2019. [Link](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8803726)  <br> [5] **Less Is Better: Unweighted Data Subsampling via Influence Function**<br>
Wang, Zifeng and Zhu, Hong and Dong, Zhenhua and He, Xiuqiang and Huang, Shao-Lun. In *34th AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI)*. 2020.  <br> 
### AI Application
[1] **Knowledge-based trajectory completion from sparse GPS samples**<br>
Li, Yang and Li, Yangyan and Gunopulos, Dimitrios and Guibas, Leonidas. In *Proceedings of the 24th ACM SIGSPATIAL International Conference on Advances in Geographic Information Systems*. 2016.  <br> [2] **Hap: Fine-grained dynamic air pollution map reconstruction by hybrid adaptive particle filter**<br>
Chen, Xinlei and Xu, Xiangxiang and Liu, Xinyu and Noh, Hae Young and Zhang, Lin and Zhang, Pei. In *Proceedings of the 14th ACM Conference on Embedded Network Sensor Systems CD-ROM*. 2016.  <br> [3] **Urban travel time prediction using a small number of gps floating cars**<br>
Li, Yang and Gunopulos, Dimitrios and Lu, Cewu and Guibas, Leonidas. In *Proceedings of the 25th ACM SIGSPATIAL International Conference on Advances in Geographic Information Systems*. 2017.  <br> [4] **EV charging behaviour analysis and modelling based on mobile crowdsensing data**<br>
Yang, Tianyu and Xu, Xiangxiang and Guo, Qinglai and Zhang, Lin and Sun, Hongbin. In *IET Generation, Transmission & Distribution*. 2017.  <br> [5] **Speech Emotion Recognition via Attention-based DNN from Multi-Task Learning**<br>
Ma, Fei and Gu, Weixi and Zhang, Wei and Ni, Shiguang and Huang, Shao-Lun and Zhang, Lin. In *Proceedings of the 16th ACM Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems*. 2018. [Link](https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=3275184)  <br> [6] **Generative model based fine-grained air pollution inference for mobile sensing systems**<br>
Ma, Rui and Xu, Xiangxiang and Noh, Hae Young and Zhang, Pei and Zhang, Lin. In *Proceedings of the 16th ACM Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems*. 2018.  <br> [7] **Guiding the Data Learning Process with Physical Model in Air Pollution Inference**<br>
Ma, Rui and Xu, Xiangxiang and Wang, Yue and Noh, Hae Young and Zhang, Pei and Zhang, Lin. In *2018 IEEE International Conference on Big Data (Big Data)*. 2018.  <br> [8] **PiMi: two-month indoor/outdoor PM 2.5 concentrations along with behavior labels through large-scale participatory sensing**<br>
Ma, Rui and Zhang, Lin. In *Proceedings of the First Workshop on Data Acquisition To Analysis*. 2018.  <br> [9] **Pga: Physics guided and adaptive approach for mobile fine-grained air pollution estimation**<br>
Chen, Xinlei and Xu, Xiangxiang and Liu, Xinyu and Pan, Shijia and He, Jiayou and Noh, Hae Young and Zhang, Lin and Zhang, Pei. In *Proceedings of the 2018 ACM International Joint Conference and 2018 International Symposium on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing and Wearable Computers*. 2018.  <br> [10] **Personalized Travel Time Prediction Using a Small Number of Probe Vehicles**<br>
Li, Yang and Gunopulos, Dimitrios and Lu, Cewu and Guibas, Leonidas J. In *ACM Transactions on Spatial Algorithms and Systems (TSAS)*. 2019.  <br> [11] **An Information-Theoretic Metric for Transferability in Task Transfer Learning**<br>
Bao, Yajie  and Li, Yang and Huang, Shao-Lun and Zhang, Lin and Zamir, Amir and Guibas, Leonidas. In *Proceedings of the The 26th IEEE International Conference on Image Processing (ICIP)*. 2019.  <br> [12] **A Hybrid Technique for Travel Time Estimation In Sparse Data Environments**<br>
Zygouras, Nikolaos and Panagiotou, Nikolaos and Gunopulos, Dimitrios and Li, Yang and Guibas, Leonidas. In *Proceedings of the 27th ACM SIGSPATIAL International Conference on Advances in Geographic Information Systems*. 2019.  <br> [13] **An End-to-End Learning Approach for Multimodal Emotion Recognition: Extracting Common and Private Information**<br>
Ma, Fei and Zhang, Wei and Li, Yang and Huang, Shao-Lun and Zhang, Lin. In *2019 IEEE International Conference on Multimedia and Expo (ICME)*. 2019. [Link](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8784815)  <br> [14] **Info-Detection: An Information-Theoretic Approach to Detect Outlier**<br>
Feng Zhao and Fei Ma and Yang Li and Shaolun Huang and Lin Zhang. In *International Conference on Neural Information Processing*. 2019.  <br> [15] **MSSTN: Multi-Scale Spatial Temporal Network for Air Pollution Prediction**<br>
Wu, Zhiyuan and Wang, Yue and Zhang, Lin. In *Proceedings of IEEE International Conference on Big Data 2019*. 2019.  <br> 
